To-Do List App allows you to:
1. Create a List of more than 100 to-do items
2. Add task description, due date, and completion status
3. Edit the task description and due date
4. Remove a task from the list
5. Clear the list
6. Display Complete tasks
7. Display Incomplete tasks
8. Save the List as a text file (.txt)
9. Load a List


To Add an item:
1. Type the Task Description
   NOTE: IF Description is empty, you will get a warning to Enter a description.
   NOTE: IF your Description is more than 256 characters, you will get a warning to Enter a description within the given range.
2. Pick a date from Date Picker
   NOTE: IF Date is left empty or typed manually in the date picker box, you will get a warning to Pick the right date from the Date Picker.
   NOTE: IF your Date is invalid in terms of day, month, or year, you will get a warning to pick a valid date from Date Picker.
3. If you have completed the task, check the box next to complete.
   If you have not completed the task, let the check box stay empty.
4. Click on 'Add Item', to add the task on the list.


To Edit the Description:
1. Double click on the desired task description
2. Edit the description
3. Press Enter after editing
    NOTE: You will get warning if description is empty or more than 256 characters

To Edit the Date:
1. Double click on the desired task due date
2. Edit the due date
3. Press Enter when done editing
    NOTE: Please enter numbers between 1 and 9 (inclusive) followed by 0, example 01, 05, 09
          You will get warning if the due date is empty
          You will get warning if the day, month, or year is not valid

To Edit the Status:
1. Double click on the desired task status
2. Type either "Complete" or "Incomplete" NO OTHER WORDS ARE ACCEPTED
3. Press Enter when done editing
    NOTE: If you will not use "Complete" or "Incomplete" for status, you will get a warning

To Remove a task:
1. Select the desired task
2. Click on 'Delete selected item'

To Delete all the tasks from the list:
1. Click on 'Clear All Items'

To Display All Items:
1. Click on "Display All Items"

To Display Complete Items:
1. Click on "Display Complete Items"

To Display Incomplete Items:
1. Click on "Display Incomplete Items"

To Save the TO-DO list:
1. Click on 'Save', this will open 'save' dialogue box
2. Enter the desired name of the List
3. All the lists will be stored as a text file, so you can add an extension ".txt" at the end of the name or just save the file without any extension.
   Our program is designed to save the file automatically with ".txt" extension

To Open a TO-DO list:
1. Click on 'Open', this will open 'open' dialogue box
2. Double click or select and open the desired file

To Save changes on a list:
1. Edit the task(s) or make the desired changes
2. Click on 'Save', this will open 'save' dialogue box
3. Save the file with the previous name
4. A pop-up window will ask you to replace the file (because you are saving the file with an already existing name)
5. Click on 'yes', and the file will be saved with new changes

To Close the App:
1. Click on 'Close'


